For the first question yes I am happy. For question number 2 I agree with your recommendation: it should automatically back up once the year is closed. The only closed years are once a year sealed. Do you want the system to block any new scan upload? No because sometimes just after you close a year it's one of those short-term hiccups, probably for the next 15 to 20 to 30 days. I might need to open it. I might need to fix something. I might need to close that. I might need to edit something just a bit. If it's opened let it open. If it's closed then you do a backup again. If the previous years' account books are opened and triggered and then closed then you just have to do another backup and replace that here.

The only thing I would suggest is that in backups maybe there is a view or something to show that the previous years' backups have already been done, closed, and as of this date. The current view only shows the backup that is ongoing for the ongoing year.

For question 1 yes I am happy. For question 2 yes I am happy. It should be the moment it's closed you have to go ahead and trigger a backup and close that automatically.

Number 3: no don't do that because just after you close there are often those short-term hiccups that can be triggered. You go back, just change something, something, anything, so you don't want to do that. Do have the option for any of the previous books to be opened because what tends to happen is opening it doesn't always just mean that you want to make edits. It could also mean that you want to view something. If something is opened and then closed then for safety I would suggest every time it's closed to just do another backup of that same year's accounting and replace it.

What I would suggest is to create some sort of view whereby it shows the previous year's backups that are done and when they were last done with a sort of date and time. In the current view of the backups it doesn't keep showing the previous years' backup so just something that shows that these were done and completed, obviously these are not touched. It's only the current year's backup that is being touched. 