One of the next things we need to look at is that up until now we've only looked at currency in the case of imports to be GBP so it's GBP or AED but in the future we need to be mindful that we could have other currencies, USD and INR. We need to find a more working solution whereby when our purchase order is created, currency is selected and then it automatically displays according to that.

We're now making a change to the entire system because there's GBP only and we've coded it that there's only GBP but there could be other currencies. What I'm thinking is that the purchase orders in this scenario, for example, it says "Total GBP"; it would instead be "Total" only as a column and then underneath in each row item, for example if you look at the first purchase order, PO2025416, it would show as GBP 675. Instead of the entire row being marked as GBP, the next row as well would show the AED value so if let's say something is in INR, it can also display in the same row rather than marking the entire column as a certain currency or not.

We need to create an entire plan where we can then adapt this throughout the system. It can accept more currencies but then we need to look at how that will affect reports. Reports will then have to show multiple currencies as well, all converting into AEDs since our record books are based in the UAE. Our record books will always have to reflect AED so even in settings right now there is the GBP and what the exchange rate to be used is. We need to have the same thing for others as well so we'll need to have multiple currencies over here so we need a robust plan that can then be implemented throughout the portal.

Yes, invoices, delivery orders, and quotations will only be in AED but it's the import, the cost of the product, the line item cost; those could be in other currencies and not just in pounds. It would also affect the inventory management because the prices of that product are already mentioned in inventory. The one thing to also be mindful of is that let's say that we have a particular product today in inventory that was, let's say, lavender essential oil and it was £9 up until today. The price increases to £10; then we can make that change in inventory management for that product and only future products, future purchase orders, would reflect £10. It would mean that it does not need to change all the previous issued POs, closed POs already created, even in draft; the price would change there as well. That shouldn't happen so this is something around which we know. 