Have a look at the attached screenshot. If I click on PO 301, a link and a pop-up appear. The issue here is in PO 300, for example. There are three tables:
1. Items ordered
2. Items received
3. Goods received
There is also the reconciliation.
I believe the system that follows here seems to be that there's the original items ordered and the items received, which basically just shows the totals of the items that are received. In this scenario there's only one goods receipt so it basically only has to report the goods received into items received once. If we assume that there were multiple goods received, then it would continue to total them and show them under items received. The breakdown of goods receipt is based on the fact that how many times this order has been fulfilled to complete it.
I like this idea and I would like to keep it. The only issue is that when you then click on the three dots in actions and look at view and print GRN summary, the information doesn't follow the same way. There's items ordered as the first table but there is no items received in the middle and then multiple goods receipt, or one or multiple based on how many times that order has been fulfilled. Also the only issue I have is between items ordered and, if you look at goods receipt, the table follows a slightly different format whereby the product code is underneath the SKU code, which is underneath the product. I would accept that because I understand that you want to keep the four tables as they are so I am happy with that and I am okay for you to keep that as is. My only issue is that it does not display the exact total level of information that it should. Like in the pop-up, I would like that the GRN summary view and print GRN summary follows that same sort of format.
The only question is, in this scenario over here, there's items ordered and it shows sleep restore massage blend 100 ml. Not to forget, in inventory size is a separate field. Will it show that here inclusive of that field? That is the one question that we need to answer. What if, in the product information, the only product that was there, the only information was there was sleep restore massage blend and 100 ml was in the field? Where is the size? Would it still display the size here? It's very important to note that size should be displayed here clearly otherwise there could be multiple sizes of the same product and we would not be able to identify it clearly. That's something to look at but apart from that I really love this idea and I like the concept and it's really clear; it shows the reconcile reconciled value in everything so it's truly perfect. We just need the floor to be a replica and it is showing the same information at multiple places and not displayed differently.