With regards to the deal what could happen is that we could cancel the deal. When we try to cancel the deal there should be a pop-up that asks the question: "If inventory has been returned do you also want to cancel that?" That means what is handed over is not taken back so it's not returned and thus we do not have that inventory back in stock. That is some functionality that we could add that would allow us to. If for example an invoice is cancelled and a similar thing between due and invoice, if it is cancelled as well, the same option should come up: whether inventory has to be inserted back into stock or not or partially, or which items. I think there should be some sort of functionality on that.

Also for all PO invoices and DOs if during creation of the documents (creating a PO, creating an invoice, or creating a DO) there is no line item and no total of any kind, then it shouldn't be allowed to be saved. We do not want such a situation where we created an invoice, forgot that we didn't complete that, and when we started creating a new invoice the previous invoice number was used. Now the only ways we have to cancel that invoice are to basically waste an invoice number or a PO number or a quotation number or a DO number. There should be at least one line item for it to be saved even as a draft; otherwise it has to be cancelled just so that document number can be reused.

So that's the thing I was talking about: a DO editing quantities on a delivered DO. Now update stock accordingly. That is brilliant because it could be delivered but we might have some returns and we just want to amend that. That is it but the only thing is a cancelled DO or BO cannot be reversed. I think that's a good idea.

I think a cancelled should just remain cancelled rather than deleted because if you deleted, then that DO number, which was, as it is, wasted, has no record. When we go back to accounts, and let's say it's DO422, it just doesn't show up. There's no way to know that it was cancelled, deleted, or what happened really. So if it's cancelled, it still remains in the system; it's just cancelled. It doesn't take it into account of any even in the case of an invoice. It doesn't assume that there is any sale. It's just cancelled.

I think there's still one functionality that we forgot to complete and that is regarding the payment of the brand invoices linked to PO. Previously when we added that functionality into the payments tab under reports, we said we would keep it independent of the PO system for now until we were sure, now that we have it, because we do not pay a PO; we pay the brand invoice linked to that PO. Now that there is a particular system and it is those purchase invoices that need to be paid, I think we need to remove the pay option or mark as paid option in PO. The only thing it can have is paid over there; it cannot be marked as paid and we cannot add any remarks over there. That functionality can be removed; all it will do is link the two.
Now what happens in the case where I think the status needs to be changed slightly, where it is outstanding, partially paid, and fully paid, or I think we can leave it at outstanding, partially paid, and paid, partially paid being in that yellowish symbol and paid in green? As you've done previously the idea of the three of them is:

outstanding obviously means that the PO and the linked invoices to that PO are still unpaid
partially means that if two invoices were to have come through for that PO from the brand at different times, then it just shows up as partially paid here in the PO system
paid just means that all invoices linked to that PO, in this case as you're following, probably GRNs linked to that PO, are paid
I think that's the functionality that we need to think about but let me know if you think there are any issues with it and if it's just too complicated or if you think you can simplify it.
I think split them into different tasks and then look to do it but first let's plan it.