There is still one element of functionality that is pending. I know that we've created a purchase order system and the GRN system, which is perfect really. What is broken, or not well, not broken, I would say, but one piece of this entire system that is not in sync is that we create purchase orders but in return our suppliers issue us an invoice so we have to pay those invoices. When it comes to making payments for those purchases in this scenario, it is those invoices specifically that we need to track and pay.

For our system we track the purchase orders; however when we create the GRN and we are receiving the orders, there should be an option to also add the invoice number and the invoice date of the invoice that is issued to us for this PO from the supplier now so that there is no confusion. We don't want to call it invoice number and invoice date because that can then affect our invoices page so we can give it another name, maybe you can think of one, or if not, corresponding invoice and corresponding date. If not, we probably need to have a different name for it just so that when we speak about these things later we don't confuse our invoices with brand invoices or our supplier invoices.

Now there should be the option to add that, just like how we upload it there in the PO system. In the summary table it won't show anything. We don't need to change anything there; we don't need to add a new column to show that; however when you click the pop-up, it would show up there somewhere that this is the document also and this PO is now linked to an invoice that is issued, which is invoice number this one and invoice date.

Now it could be that against a certain PO we could have multiple invoices in line with multiple GRNs so they will always only invoice what they've sent over to us so there could be a chance that there could be multiple invoices for it. Now where we need this to show up is when we go into reports and we go into statement of account or, in this case, statements in purchase orders. It needs to show up here so when we select a brand, let's say Absolute Aromas, we've got PO number, we've got brand, we've got date, but then ideally we should have the corresponding invoice and corresponding invoice date. I know you'll think of a name here that we can have and we need to discuss this; that is what needs to show up here as well. When we generate a statement, those details also need to come up, whether it is in the PDF format or the exported XLSX format, so that should ideally come up here.

In the payments tab the same thing will happen here. It will make two additional columns to show this: PO is now linked to which corresponding invoices from that brand so that when payments are outstanding we know which invoices we are paying for that are due and which POs those correspond to. What if there was something we didn't order that we received and they've invoiced us for it? We need to be able to match these so we need a system that tracks and connects these three pages, whether it is from the PO system starting to the PO system and starting from the GRN. When we receive it there should be the option to add the brand's invoice and I want you, as I said, to select a name for it. That brand invoice date should not be mandatory but there should be that option to add that and it will link that GRN number and everything with it so there is a more seamless creation now.

I don't want you to just create a task; I want you to first give me an idea and a plan, but I want this to be done in such a way that we do not break anything else by inserting this functionality. We would end up breaking a lot of things as well, which is not what we want. Also this will be an idea from you and a plan from you first and what you think and how you think we can do it. If you think I'm making a mistake or you think that there's any way to improve this, then tell me about it. I think these are the three pages that we need to tackle in adding this functionality in a seamless way that doesn't break or affect anything that we have already created and is functioning. 