My assessment by priority
High priority
1. You still have two ways of managing database structure

You now have proper migrations, which is good.
But server/index.ts still creates/alters tables at startup for:

storage_objects
signed_tokens

That means schema changes are happening in two places:

migrations
startup boot code

That is risky long-term because one day the two can drift apart.

Why this matters

When you update the app later, you want one clean source of truth for DB changes.

Recommendation

Move those startup table changes into proper migrations and keep server/index.ts focused on booting the app only.

2. Backend architecture still has a leftover old storage layer

You now clearly use:

server/db.ts
server/businessStorage.ts
modular route files

But server/storage.ts still exists and is just an old in-memory MemStorage.

That is not catastrophic, but it is exactly the kind of leftover file that causes confusion later:

someone edits the wrong layer
someone assumes it is still active
future AI tooling may touch the wrong thing
Recommendation

If it is no longer used, remove it.
If it must stay temporarily, mark it clearly as legacy/deprecated.

3. You still have hardcoded company details in export logic

In client/src/components/utils/export.jsx, quotation and PO export logic still falls back to:

SUPERNATURE LLC
address
phone
email
VAT details

That means if company settings fail to load or a snapshot is missing, you could generate the wrong document branding/data.

Why this matters

This is one of the most important real-world document risks in the app.

Recommendation

Replace hardcoded fallback business identity with either:

current company settings from DB
a blank fallback
or a mandatory check that blocks export if company settings are missing
Medium priority
4. Admin creation flow is still inconsistent

You have scripts/createAdmin.js, but package.json still does not have a create-admin script.

So the capability exists, but the app setup/documentation is not fully aligned.

Recommendation

Add a script like:

"create-admin": "node scripts/createAdmin.js"

or remove any references that imply it exists.

5. Route naming is still inconsistent

In client/src/App.tsx, you have a mix of:

lowercase routes like /purchase-orders, /delivery-orders, /invoices
uppercase routes like /Inventory, /Reports, /Settings, /Customers

This is not a functional disaster, but it is messy and not ideal long-term.

Recommendation

Standardize routes to lowercase over time.

6. Uploads still use multer.memoryStorage()

Uploads are being buffered in memory, and your validation still allows fairly large PDFs.

For your current usage, this is probably okay.
But it is still a weak point if:

file sizes grow
multiple users upload at once
you later add more file-heavy workflows
Recommendation

This is acceptable for now, but keep an eye on it.

7. businessStorage.ts is now the next “big file risk”

It is still large. Not as bad as the old giant route file problem, but it is the next likely pressure point.

Recommendation

No urgent rewrite needed.
But future new features should go into:

smaller service modules
not more growth inside one giant storage class
Low priority
8. Repo still contains non-core baggage

The ZIP contains:

.canvas/assets
lots of attached_assets
prompt/history-style text files
image exports

These are not app-breaking, but they make the project noisier and less professional for:

handoff
resale
client delivery
long-term maintenance
Recommendation

Create a cleaner production repo version eventually.

9. Some legacy naming remains

Files like:

client/src/api/entities.js
client/src/api/integrations.js

are still active, so I would not call them dead code.
But they still have an old “generated/bridge layer” feel that is a bit out of line with the rest of the architecture.

This is more cosmetic than urgent.