There is a functionality that we need to think about. So let's say that we place an order with our supplier for six lavender oils for a total of 60 pounds. When we receive it we only get three lavender oils for 30 pounds and the PO is then closed because they've got it out of stock. So what tends to happen is then our PO doesn't match with what is delivered so when we track our purchase orders it is difficult to know what is supposed to be actually paid so we need to create some sort of system where each purchase order after it has verified how much goods are received, whether the PO is exactly as it was or have they delivered short or excess where it might need to be changed because don't forget we'll be tracking this to make payments when the time comes. So you do not want that you end up paying 60 pounds whereas you were proposed to pay 30 because you only received that much product. So there needs to be some sort of functionality for that. Now when that happens we need to be able to know from the system that while it was 60 pounds the original order, it was then we've only received 30 so that's how it is and then payments will have to be done accordingly. Now I don't know where we can put that, but I would suggest you give me some ideas on how we can track this.

Goods Receipt tab will remain as is; it only tracks the goods received and what it needs to do over there is if the goods received are short then it needs to show that while it is closed, the amount or the quantity was changed. So we need to have this functionality along with the fact that each of the purchase orders need to also have invoices. When the supplier provides us the invoice to show that there's only been 3 delivered at £30, so we attach an invoice to it. It must be something like a pop-up where you can then just like we do in the invoices tab, you can upload a physical copy of the invoice. Have a think around how we can do this and give me some options on how to cleanly and easily do this and make it a really simple approach as well. 