Now the one thing that doesn't fully work and I don't know if it is even complete is the reports and analytics tool or page. If you look at the first tab, PO versus GRN under purchase orders versus good receipt, total value GBP, total value AED, the currency does not have any commas. 108178.74 total value GBP. It's difficult to understand one million, ten million work. There needs to be the right commerce night, the right currency methodology in place to view. Also it shows the purchase orders; that's fine. The goods receipt seems to be working; however I need you to fully check that these are completely working, there in line with the actual POS or just dummy data because the idea here is that it's not data that's created; it's data that it's pulling from other pages.

If you look at sales invoice, there's nothing in here. There's no information on all the sales invoices that are there; nothing is showing up here. Monthly sales overview, look at it. There's no bar; there are no charts. There's nothing here; it's all empty. Are invoices all empty?

Then we go into purchases over here. It says total in GBP 0.00 but total value in AED is such a big amount when you know that most of them could be done in GBP. You need to check if this is all working. I don't know because you put in fake data. What I would suggest is that you also add some data, create POS, and include the orders in GBP value so we can test out whether the GBP values are functioning here and it is showing the converted rate of AED.

Finally if you look at the VAT report tab, there are no VAT repository so many invoices, VAT invoices not showing up here. You need to do a full in-depth analysis of even this functionality is working or not. The whole reports and analytics functionality and all the tabs need to be fully checked and see if they're pulling the right data, if it's functioning properly, any bug, what it's not able to do, what it should be able to do, and fix it fully. Use more mock data if you need to add into purchases, POS, everything to see if it's all moving into reports and analytics in the correct form. 