Let's have a look at the reports and analytics page and under payments. Now, the idea of payments, in simple accounting terms, was a statement of account. I guess we can rename this tab to statements instead of payments. And there would be two sub-tabs here. Instead of calling this sales payment and purchases payments, we keep the language in line with how it is elsewhere in the platform. So it would be purchase orders, and it would be invoices. The platform would basically replicate what a statement of account is in, for example, Tally. Ideally, it should show all of the invoices in line with the year that is open over here, should show up here. Then we can use multiple filter options to be able to see which company we are supposed to pay or we are supposed to get from. And filter between outstanding and due because sometimes we just wanted to see all the invoices that were created for a particular customer in this year and then also segregate them into paid and outstanding, that's what we want to do. At the end of it, we want a view and print option and an export ideally instead of view and print, we can just do an export option for the filter that is being placed now. The filter would then come out in an output format with the company details etc. like a statement of account is in Tally. We need a more robust idea for this so that it can come out with our company details, their company details, then all the invoices that either we want to show as outstanding or just all of them or paid and outstanding both. And it would basically be able to show all the details and then be able to show the totals as well. That is the kind of functionality we want to create under Payments. Try and think about how Tally works here and it needs to be able to pull data from the purchase orders page and from the invoices page and be able to show here. What tends to happen is each month we need to send a statement of account to our customers which clearly outlines what payments are due for them and we need that sort of functionality here. But I think we need to create a robust plan for this before we put it into action. 