I asked Codex clearly if you added, if Codex asked you to add a new payments tab, and it said no, it did not. It says clearly what I did mention was narrower.

When canceling a GRN, Replit should be careful if that GRN is already marked paid because canceling a paid receipt has financial meaning. This is not the same as adding a new payment area or changing the app concept. Why did you change my app concept? That is my issue. My reason always was to do safety fixes. It should not mean that you can do a product redesign. You have added the payments tab but what is showing up there could easily have been planned and created from statements, reports, and analytics. You can easily find and do this so why did you go ahead and just do a product redesign change of concept? These are all the issues since you and Codex have got together. It seems as if you are going off on a tangent. You cannot just completely change the app. What else have you done like this?

The next issue: look at purchase orders. Look at the example of PO34. When I click on PO34, items ordered, for example, RF2, quantity ordered 3, RF2 product FK, the next one, quantity ordered 6. You have received 0, 0 quantity. The unit price is 10, line total is 0 but the received total GBP is 90. How is that possible? When you either this system is not calculating it correctly or you are just putting any dummy data without any validation.

Then under goods receipt it over here, when you scroll down, it says full delivery but items received are zero so how can it be full delivery? I don't understand. Goods recalculation is fully delivered. I don't understand what this is. When I click PO36, I can't. Where was the PO34 view and print GRN summary that's what I'm looking at now? That doesn't seem to work so what's going on? Why did that break? Is that working? How is it that you've received zero but all of it? Just look at it. How is this possible? When you feed dummy data, the dummy data is still supposed to be within the constraints of the app. Otherwise what's the point of testing it? If we just throw anything anywhere? 